# Treetu.Log

## `SYSTEM.BOOT:`  
```powershell
~> . $HOME\Boot\PowerOn.ps1 -Profile "Treetu"
[SYSYTEM resuming]
[Booting into memory]
Memory booted succesfully
[SYSTEM ready]
[Booting profile "Treetu"]
[Profile loaded in 1638ms]
Alarm "7:30AM" starting
[BEEP Enabled in Frontal Cortex]
Awaiting response.........
User feedback recognized
[Accepting new CmdLets]
[Starting auto CmdLets]
Welcome home Treetu
[Starting prompt]
[History restored] 
[AutoLogs resuming]
~> Enable-AutoLogs
[0%]
[13%]
[47%]
[60%]
[100%]
..........................
Auto Logging now ReEnabled
~> $date = Get-Date -Format yy/MM/dd
~> $date
43/04/28
~> |
```  

## `Take-Off//Skyfall`  
When I wake up, Strix has left the room already. I find her in the hallway hacking into the vending machine. She so provides breakfast for Sjaakie, No1, herself and me. After a cup of coffee and a good snack we need to leave the clinic, as Amber requested.  
Outside Sjaakie asks if we need anything upgraded. He asks about my bow, but he ain't touching that! I ask for a bunch of explosive arrows. A bit later, I've got some nice explosive arrows to use! I like this guy! He's more handy then I thought beforehand!  
  
We plan to do some scouting of the area already where our target will be. We head to the car and "Damn! Did they install `nitrous oxide` in it? Great to know we've got **that** in stock! Oh, and a license plate changer? Handy if I need a *free hand* and we're seen!" No1 puts hit the peddle to the metal and almost directly tries out his nitroes. We're pushed in the back of our seats while we fly high-speed through the streets of NC. Great ride, this barrel has become!  
  
A few minutes and half a whiplash later, we arrive at what is said to be the location our target is to arrive. No1 and Sjaakie decide they stay in the car driving in the neighborhood ("Hah! Chickens!") while Strix and I scout from above. Strix is up in no-time because of her grappling hook and kicks down the fire escape. I climb up and we're in position. We do some chatter while Strix scans the premises with her `TeleOptics`. After a while, a big white limousine arrives. Two armed goons step out of the car and our taget follow. He's standing there, just doing nothing--waiting for the pickup.  
  
We call No1 and Sjaakie. They arrive only a few seconds after. Strix hacks the lights to flicker as a distraction. I activate my `Sandevistan` and get ready for my first shot. "Aim and *loose*!" An explosive arrow blows away one of the fucking goons. "Bullseye motherfucker!" Sjaakie aims his `Shoulder Arms` and burrows a grenade in the other goon. No1 steps out of the truck walking into the target. He pumps his shotgun and blows the target. A few shots are fired in our direction. Strix descends in no-time. I start sliding down the fire exit and we're now all on the ground. I take an other shot at the goon who shoots to Strix. Sjaakie also releases an other shot on his goon who falls over again! "Hah! Suck on this assholes!" No1 takes an other shot while Strix does the same. A few shots later, both goons are down. No1 pumps again and the target is down.  
  
"We've won motherfuckers!" Now it's up to us to decide what to do with that fucking suitcase. Sjaakie suggests we'll put in in an `Xray` at the clinic. "Great plan from this mute, for once!" We take the suitcase and all step into the car and leave the premises ASAP...  

## `Trust//Betrayal`  
So we finally got the damn suitcase! Good for us! We're directly heading for the Clinic and find it all empty. "Well, then at least we don't have to bribe Amber to access the `Xray` machine!"  
A few moments later, we hook up the suitcase to the `Xray` and get started. The results are, well, they suck! Gladly Sjaakie is around and after a small bit of rewiring and such we finally get some results. Not something we can work with, but it looks like a heart-kinda thing.  

&nbsp;  
<audio src="Treetu_ring.mp3" controls title="`Phone rings...`"></audio>  
Ah fuck! Who's this now..?  
"Hey, it's Nekumbo. You have the suitcase, yes? Tell me where you are and I'll pick it up! If you don't comply, I will have you found in five minutes!"  
  
$\textsf{\color[RGB]{109, 7, 8}[SYSTEM ERROR]}$  
"̴͉̇A̸̲̐h̷̪̓,̶͎̑ ̴̹̐f̸̹͗u̸̡͝c̶̢̎k̴̺̂,̴̞̍ ̵̻̎Ș̶̈́t̶̖͘r̶̦͌ḯ̶̟x̴͚̀!̷̔ͅ ̵̤̈́Ṉ̸͛o̷̮͠!̶̢̽ ̶͇̇I̶̥͝'̷̢̃ļ̷̍l̸̙͌ ̴͔̒p̶͚̐ǎ̷̧t̶̼͆c̸̻̑ḩ̵͠ ̷̟̽y̸̲͘ả̸̩ ̵̱̃u̵̫͗p̶̟͗!̶̫̒ ̷̱̆C̷̝̽m̷͚̚o̷̤̅n̸̦͝ ̶͓̾T̸̠̓r̶͍̋e̴̡̅ḛ̴͂t̶̖̒ų̵̽,̶̳͘ ̸̚ͅy̵̱͌o̶͕͝u̶̦̇ ̵̺͠ ̶̣̈́`MUST`̴͔̗̈́̆̾ ̸̞̇h̶̜̰̕͘̕e̵͎̗̲͊l̵̞͍̎̿̕ṗ̶̣ ̸̳̃̈́͜ḩ̴̭̓̊͗e̶̪͎̘̚r̶̤͕̳̔,̵̺͑ ̸̢̠̭̆r̷̥͓͍͆̽i̸͖̋̑͜ġ̴̩̏̀h̷̠͚̑̄̅ṭ̷͍̥̆͘ ̸̮̐̕ḧ̶̥́e̷̖̓͊r̵͎̽͜ȩ̶̻̣̓̚ ̵̫̯̫̀r̴̤͑i̸̖̋̆̍g̷̨̀̉̔h̸͚̣͗̀ͅt̸͕͋̑͜͝-̴̛̟̙̃̓-̸̭̌-̸̧͙̖̀̏-̶͕̱͊͋͝A̴͇̫̰̒ḁ̶̦̺̔̑a̴̛͎̮͈h̷͎̻́̈ ̴̘͂̒F̴̻̘̜͌Ư̸̜̫̊̕C̷̲͋K̴̼͇̆̕!̶̙̞͋͌͛"̶̡͉̓ ̴̜̰̀͑̂ ̵̡̥̂ ̵̶̳̖̀̆͝

&nbsp;  
"̸̢̝̗͉̤͖̲͚͖̝͍̱̭̪̩͓̂̐T̴̛̛̙̪̍͛̆̒͑͆̈́̍̚r̶̡̧̛̛̟̟͉͎͎̹̹͚̒̉̓̓͑͂̾̍̈̈́̊͐͌̈̕̚e̴̛̮̙͍͈̗̖̮̻̬̅̋͆̇͆͐͒͐̊͑͂͛̈́͌̏̒͝͝e̴̼͚̐̅͑̈́̂̒͊͌͋̊̍͐̈͗͘͝t̸̢̛̤̣̯̥̼͖̳̝͔̰̖̾̏̆͌̊͋̃̎̅̌̉̈ͅṳ̶̧̞̱̤̈́͊̉̈́̓͋̈́͑̓͂,̴͍̩̪̱̥̬̦̘̫̣͕̦̰̱̹͕͙̾͊͂͜ͅ ̶͚͎̭̞̱͙̫̪̘̹̝̯͖̙̮͉̫͈̙̓̌̍̋̆̈́̔̌̇̇͂̊̉̃́̂̕w̶̝̣͍̝̭̦̘̬͎̩̗͉̮̦̌̊̑̏̑̑̀̏͋̊͑̀̓̐̈̆̚͜͝ơ̵̖̋͆̀̐̉͒̾͂͂͛̊̚̕͝r̴̤̳͕̟̝̝͆̔̏k̶̬̲̳̒͠ ̵̧̼͎͚̬̗̔̾͑͂͆̅̔̀y̸̢̢̨͙̥̗̙̱̩͙͕̭͖͇͙̱̜̞͋̇̄͋̋͋̚o̷̧̧̨̠̼̦̰̤͗̍̒͗ů̷̡̠̦̲̾͂̊̿̆̕ȑ̸͖̝̫̝̠̯̹̲̪͍̃̈́̊́ ̴̧̨̛̖̳̖̲̩̹̟̗̻̙̝͖̩̦̮͑̆͗̌̉͐̄̌̀̏̍͂̚͠͝ͅ'̷̨̘̠̗̟̦̦̙̦̹͍̣̺͉͎̹̊͒͒̊́̒̒̂͋́̚͜͝ͅm̶̨̟̯̼͕͔̺̼̰̙̥̘̪̗͚̈́̽̇͂̌͊́̀̇͘ǎ̷̧̤͔͎̝͕̉̈́̓͐̋̃̐̎́̕͝g̷̡̛͎̮̤̣͉̰̳̫̻̱͉̈́̏͛̇́̿̌͆́͑̕̕̕̚͝͝ì̸̧̧̤͍̯͖͕͘ͅͅc̶̡̧̞̤͉̜͔̤͓͔̺̈́͆̏̈́̑̌̽͒͐̓̈́̑͋͘'̷̨̞̟̮̪͙̟͔͕͉̰̩̩͉̂̉̑̄̈͂̍̒̂̋͆̉̃͝͠͝͝ ̸̛͉́͑̀̏̎̓̄̑́͆̀͊̃̂̚͠͝p̷̡͓̣̻̞̙͖̯̖̞̰̲̺͖̟̟̓̈͊̀̌͆̾̈̿̑̈͐̃̓͝ļ̶̟͍̼̜̼͎̦̥̲̝͚̪̩̤̮̓̀̈̌̓͆͒͠ͅͅę̷̧͇͓̣͔̦͆͂̅̔̇̌͒̄̌́͌̅͜͝ä̴̡̙̮̰͍̩͕́̅͛̄̇͋́́̆͊̌͆̍̄̄̓̚͝s̸̨̙͍͙͚̜͎͓͓̣͈̃͋́̆̌̈́̎͜è̶̢̨̛̛͙̟̗̭̘̙͓͚̪̹͛̆́͛̑̈́̐̒̍͘̚͝͠͠.̵̟̳͓̮̩̺͙̹̰͈̻͈̮̣͊ ̶̨̟͖̪̬̩͔̺͎͔͖̩͎͎̖̺͉̊̎̀́̽̌͒́̂́͜͠ͅA̶̯̗̹̱͇͛͒̒̾̾̔̈́̃̀̚ň̸̡̲̃͐̈́̕͝ď̸̤̜̺̟̟̞̙͈̱̮̮̅̌͐̒͐̽͆͌͊̚͝ ̶̞̪̃̋̿̅̔̉p̸̨͕͙̮̣̙̮͈͓͙̘͕̗̰͌͆̊͌͊̈́̅̈́͋̂̍̚̕l̵̛̮̪̞̀̓̅ȩ̵̧͈̪̤̗̯̫̫͓̰̽̕͘͝ͅa̸̺̠͙̖̔̿̆̑̓́͂͂̈̄̃̈͋͑̏̾̚͜͝͠s̷̡̱̱͇͙͉͍̪̲̳͓̣̲̐̒̇́͊̃͒̃̈̍̈́̉̊̈̄̇͘͘͠ͅȩ̵̧͇̫̹̞̱̖̘͉̫́͊̉ ̷̡̲̪̫͔̆́͗̎́̂̍̋́̄̕͠b̶̺͓̝͎͇̯̬̝̅̊̉̽͗̈́̄͊̏̚͜e̶̡͕̤̣̹̭̖̫͉̭͔̬͎̦̭͈̺͊ ̷̢̘̲̯̺̤̤̼̣͕̙͚̠͇̰̱̘̦̗̉̾͐́͐̒̎̋́̆͘q̶͕͕͓̜̭͎͚̩̔͋ͅu̷̙̝͌̿̈́́̒̈́̀̽̌̀̚͠͝į̷̱͎͈͛̍̓̂ͅc̷̨̛̣̘̖̙̹̪̓̿̾̄͋̈́̚͜͝͠͠ķ̷̫̬͑̍̈́̓,̵̡̢̹͓̬̬̙̞̣̳̤̠̯̗͎͙̘̲̊̐̔̓̋̈́̚͘ ̵̨̛̘̘̱͚̍̂̇̾͗̅́͊̂̑̾̒̾̒͆̋͠͝Í̶̧̨̘͚͙̫̖̥̙͓̣̜̠͕͖̈̃͛̈́̇̌̀͝ͅ ̵̲̱̭̟͙̰̼̗̼̣̊̿̾̂̎͛͛̈́̔̈́h̶̨͉͕̣̗͎̪͚͇͓͍̖̗̳̖͉̑̍͋̇̓̈́͗̀̔͊̍͐͒̀͋͘̚͝͝à̶͙͔͎̱͐̓̅̔̀̎̔͂̿̋̽̈́̚t̸̡̧̬͕͕͈̭̜̝͈̥̘͕̩̥̊̄̉̄̉̀̐̅͗͐̈́̊̽̈́͒̏̏̑̕e̸̤͉̞͇̮̣͙͔͎̪͇̤̱̝͈̅̐̅͛̑̒̃̽̒̎͘͘͠ͅ ̴͇̩͚̊̃̓̐̅͜͝b̷̮͇̯̬̀̀̏̐̌̊e̶͉̗͖͓͒̔̆̉̀͒͛͂̈́̔̈́̅͗͝͝į̸͉̹̦̭̞͗͒̈́͊̌̀͛͗́̅̊̂͆̕͘͘͠n̶̻̱̯̳̫̹̻̱̪̞̮̹̦̅̃͊͆̀̐̀̈̐͒̽̿̌͘̚ģ̴̟̳̏͐̾̊͋̈́̀̋͘ ̴̢̭̥̦͉̲̃̉̎͌̔̈́͋͝͠ḃ̵͔̬̐̌̐́̓̉̓̾̅̅̐̕͝͝͝͝l̸̨̩̪̘̦̫͌͌̈́̋̉̀̇̏͐̌̐͛͑͊̆͘͠i̸̡̢̮̯̘͍̯̱̫̥̪̮̰̍͑̇́̿͋͆͗͛͒͆͗̚n̴̡͓̭̹̻̬̺̬͈̫̯̟̤͍̋̀̊̄̽̚̕͜d̸̙͕̟̰̟̰̻͍̟̱͂͒̀̉͑̈͊̊̒͂̋̕ ̸̯̅͋́̓̐͐͗̀̊͆a̸̧̛̛̗͖̣̱̩̱̫̙̠̘̐͂̍̐͑̿̔̿̾̀̌͌̂͠ͅͅl̴̥͉͔̿̍͐̅͛̈́̂̋͋̇̎͆̕̕͝͠͠ͅr̸̭̺̱̜̗̯͓̻̻̜̣̅̑̂͜ė̷̡̢̛̘̪̋̔̓̓͆̑͋̏͛̈͛͐̈́̆͐̀͠a̶̧̘̖͕̤͙̤͇͖̞̮͓̥͊͂̈́͑̓̔̊̍̈́͛͋͑̀̚͘͘̕͝͝ͅd̷̨̛̛̖͖͙̙̖̗̝̔̎̿͌̽͘͜y̸̫̫̹̫͈̖͕̎͛̐̃̊̌͒̀̓̈́́͌̿͘"̷̧̧̧̳̮̝͔̠̤͙̬̙͔͍̩̾͌̓͒̄͜͝ͅ  
    
```powershell
~> Inject-Logs -Force -User "@(ST̶R̵̡͙͉̻̹͘I̶̧̛͕̩̖̭͙̼͓̬̤̥̪̐̅̃̈́̐̈̂́͆̔̕͠͝ͅ​̷̵̢̛̜̖͔̪̞͙͇͓̻̜̠̏̋͌̉͋̀͑̅̕)@"
```
  
Fuck. Why did I ever $\textsf{\color[RGB]{109, 7, 8}[...]}$. 
I really hate logging, leaving traces everywhere. I DON'T NEED ANY RANDOM RUNNER TO HAVE...  
Focus. How fucking deep does this go...

Anyway, BlahBlahBlá̶̻̎̓̅̕h̸͉̭͚͔̬̽̓͆̊̈́͘. I hate logging. But my compatriots are about to die, I got spiked by a virus frying my ware and am in the worst run in my fucking life.
Either I die and some random chump gets to laugh their ass off, or it... helps... A FUCKING $\textsf{\color[RGB]{74, 168, 106}[Dragon]}$???  
FOCUS.

5 things I can... see?. Nevermind.  
5 things I can hear.  
The fucking X-Ray hasn't been turned off.  
This fucking $\textsf{\color[RGB]{74, 168, 106}[Dragon]}$  
...That must be like 15 of Nekumbo's goons.  
AN EXPLOSION?  
A lot of gunfire. Fucking damnit.  

`...`

F̵̨̧̢̛̱̖͉͍̯̹͈̎͐̑̓̽̉̐̍̓̓̃͌͐̓̐̋͋̋̆̓͐̚͝Ȕ̷̡̧̡̨̧̲̯̯̬̻̭̠̭̞̺͔͕͔͚̻̗͓͓͇̲̹̜̰̉̈͛̍̉̌͗͑̂̋̌͐͋͑̽̌͂͑̈́̓̀͐̈́͊́̉͘͝ͅͅC̵͓̃͂̀̏̀́̆͗̏͘͝͝K̴̢̨̧̛̛͚͎̥̲͚͇̳͇͎̖̫̲̪̬̝̤̩̖̠̟͔̝̹̺̹̩̩̤̦͕͍̟̖̟̎̓̊̽̀́͆̽̿̄̅̈́̅̓̋͒̎̂̓͑̓͋̾̈́̀̈́̈́͐͘̚̚͜͜͠͝ͅ.̷̣̉͒̚ The $\textsf{\color[RGB]{74, 168, 106}[Dragon]}$ got my software. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. I'm really not sure how my allies are doing.  
WHAT KINDA $\textsf{\color[RGB]{109, 7, 8}[...]}$ IS THIS $\textsf{\color[RGB]{109, 7, 8}[̶̝̠̙̝̲̋̆̾̈́̑́͠.̷̱͔́̉͂̿̊.̴͕̤͉̖̏̄́͘̚͝.̶̡̜̼̯̑]̸̢̠̬͓̦̙͍̅̓̈́}$.   
A FUCKING $\textsf{\color[RGB]{74, 168, 106}[Giant]}$?????   

`...`  
  
Back in.   

Oh good, a $\textsf{\color[RGB]{74, 168, 106}[Door]}$ is closing. That's new.

I can barely fucking hear what is happening in the other room. What the fuck is taking NCPD this long.
I'm not too sure what hardware everyone is carrying, but I'm sure that's an explosive arrow of Treetu, followed by screaming.
And I sure hope that machine gun was Sjaakie's work.
No1... carried a shotgun yes. F̸̗̲̝̳̜͔͎̩͂̎͌̈́͊̉̈́̂̔̆̄̃̚͜ö̸̢̖̮̦̬̳̪̭̘̰̜̰̩̝́̈́͝c̶̨̜͉̥̹̟͇̪͖̫͇̐̋͝ử̸̞̩͒̿̂̈́̓̋͗͂̇͘͝ͅs̷͉̈́̈̃̌̈͘. DID HE JUST SCREAM TO GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE?   ...Is he sacrificing himself. Wow. What a Cliche.
Well, I guess we're all fucked regardless aint nowhere to run.

`...`

Well before we all get hunted down like animals I might as well see what the fuck is at the bottom.
...
Ofcourse.
A fucking $\textsf{\color[RGB]{74, 168, 106}[Kraken]}$. I'll just rush it. It's now or never. Treetu, asshole. If I fucking $\textsf{\color[RGB]{0, 0, 170}b̴l̶u̶͓͖̮̪͇̓̊́͆͝e̷̲̕s̸͈̲̽̉͋c̸̛͔̦̠r̸̭̯͕̠̠͋̏̃̎́̎̋̒͝͠ḙ̶̭̼̼̌̀̔̄͊̌͝e̸̠̤̝͈͓̜͇̮͈̦̓͑̍͆̃̌̀́͘̕̕͝͝n̸͔̜̣͉̗̼̗̰̳̱̱͉̞͍̼͚̮̑̀̈́̐̓̾̃}$ due to this $\textsf{\color[RGB]{74, 168, 106}[Kraken]}$ you better get me the fuck out of here.

`...`  

Fuck me. I. Actually. Fucking. Did. It.
Now to Se̷-̸͓͍̕

```powershell
[u̵̎s̷̡̘̠̋er Disconnected]
[Autosave Succesfull]
[Rebooting]
```  
  
"The fuck did you do there Strix? Used my log module? You've overwritten all my log! At least ask next time, will ya!?" FUCK!  

## `TBA`  
  
