# Treetu.Log

## `SYSTEM.BOOT:`
```powershell
~> . $HOME\Boot\PowerOn.ps1 -Profile "Treetu"
[SYSYTEM initializing]
[Booting into memory]
Memory booted succesfully
[SYSTEM ready]
[Booting profile "Treetu"]
[Profile loaded in 1508ms]
[Accepting new CmdLets]
[Starting auto CmdLets]
Welcome home Treetu
[Starting prompt]
[History restored] 
~> Enable-AutoLogs
[0%]
[15%]
[40%]
[77%]
[99%]
........................
Auto Logging now Enabled
~> $date = Get-Date -Format yy/MM/dd
~> $date
43/04/27
~> |
```  

## `The flight//A fruitf-owl reunion`  
So I've finally got on that fucking plane... Took me long enough to get a pricy ticket. And yeah a plane which I hate... At least is't a short flight but it's still a fucking plane! I tried sleeping on the trip to NC but I got woken up by some corpo shit ad-"stewardess". 
  
I look around and see some goons checking the interfaced ads. A 'mom' watching some kids ad-toons with her son.  
Also there's a big guy, kinda 2by1 sipping unflavored horsepiss, a too happy looking techie who just doesn't need anything. But then I see this tattoo on this person. *This looks just too oddly fucking familiar*!
  
It's a Zchat--ZCHAT--Z...Strix tattoo? Let's find out who's got that 'good ol tattoo'. After checking out this unique thing, who else has it other then "yeah--surely **it's Strix**!!!" "Hey how are you doing?"  
She allows me to sit next to her and we do some chatter.
Finally the plane descends and we're allowed to leave. Looking out the window the sky looks red--red like blood... "Ah, Night City, just as the screamsheets told..."
  
We depart the plane and stand on the platform when two armored cars ascend. Four NCPD shitheads step out and well, they want Strix, me, the 2by1 and Tech-smiley face to come with them.  
"Warm welcomes are as cold as EC's." After a short "chat" we decide it's best to follow and get dropped in a container-like room. "Great start for a new life."
  
## `The interrogation//The job`  
Inside the container stands a vending machine and a stupid sink with a small mirror. Strix start 'doing her thing' on the VM to check out what's all about.
The 2by1 commands Tech-smiley face to check for cams.  
After a little while, Strix is done with her thing and while I check my piercings, I see a face in the mirror which clearly isn't mine. It's as ugly as mine, but not me for a fact. Strix tells me my piercings are sitting all fine and to get to her. Tech-smiley face is doing some hussle on the VM but to no avail.
  
Then the door opens with a crackling sound of not being used too often. The same ugly face I saw through the mirror steps in after two heavily loaded NCPD crapheads. "Fuck!" 
Mister uglyface names himself 'Maxwell Sharpley, NCPD Inspector' and tells us he's got a job for us to do, if we ever want to enter Night City. At least he offers some cold-hard Eddies for the job, including a part of payment upfront. "*`€$500`*, come to Treetu!"  
  
The job is to chase a guy who stands at a specific location on the Arasaka nuke border every day with a suitcase which he then hands over to two corpo women. Our goal is to get the suitcase and deliver it to Maxwell, but we're not allowed to open the case... After introducing us all to each other and discuss the job, we decide to take it. We want to enter NC anyhow so I guess we'll have to.  
  
"*Oh, by the way, that 2by1 Nomad is called No1!!! Hahaa! Which goon calls their kid No1 anyhow!? Like he doesn't count or whatsoever!? Hahaa!*"  
And then there's that tech-smiley face dude, Sjaakie! Sjaakie the 4<sup>*`th`*</sup> for that matter! He's the son of the son of the son of Sjaakie! His family surely went for an award to get original names or something. What a joke!  
Maxwell also adds an old truck he still has getting rusty and dusty to the deal. So, our Nomad friend has something to do at least. We drop our gear in the back of the truck and off we go.  
  
## `Driving lessons//Something handy`  
We decide to get the car some upgrades. It almost breaks down already and well, walking might be faster anyhow. Also Strix and I thought it might be handy to get her some upgrades, so we're looking for a good clinic to give her the required chrome.  
  
We're driving around and look outside when I see a woman in cyberpsychosis with a `CyberArm` I just **MUST HAVE**--she won't miss it anyhow in a few hours. "**STOP THE CAR!!!**" I shout while already half jumping out the car. We almost hit the windshield by breaking so hard. I run over to the half-dead psycho and start doing my thing. A few seconds later, I've got the puppy ripped of her!  
Sjaakie and No1 stare at me with grief and unbelief. Strix only says she hopes no one saw me doing that just there--That's how I remember my girl, always on tense. I offer meatsack-arm No1 the arm, but strangely enough he's good with his meat. "Odd one, this No1." I throw the arm in the back of the truck and we proceed our route.    
  
On our way when breaking for a light, we see a hotrod behind us. He tailgates us for about 3 blocks when he passes next to us. He lowers his window and shout "Hey Choom! Great car there..." Then that No1 guy just doesn't understand he's being mocked. "What a knucklehead meatsack!" Eventually the hotrod blows off and we proceed to the clinic.  
  
## `Fix'er up//Fix-em up`
When at the clinic, Strix and I get out the car. I once again offer the arm to No1, but nitwit still holds to his meat. I give a "shwoosh" with the arm towards No1, which hit him in the head. Too bad it didn't damage him or get him to his senses, but yeah luck is with the stupid. He still doesn't need it. Sjaakie and No1 then leave for a garage to see if thay old barrel is able to get some 'grades. "Let me 'grade Strix now."  
  
Strix and I enter the clinic and see a fully 'graded woman, Amber, as the receptionist. After convincing I don't need no papers to work on Strix we negotiate on the price and all, so I offer in the arm and nothing but the arm. Amber told she can't do shit with it since it's still encyphered with the arm's former owner.  
Strix comes up with the idea both she and I can get the cypher off. We take the arm to an open booth and within a few minutes we got it off. Ready to rock for a new owner! Amber takes the arm and provides the `TeleOptics` Strix requested. We hop back in the booth and in a few hours of good old Treetu labor, it's slotted in! Same job as any, but working on Strix is just a pleasure. It's great to have this lass along.
  
After the procedure we head out. Amber looks impressed (like duh!) and gives me her number. "In case I'm in need of clients." Hell yeah I do, but I need to get some stupid suitcase first, as well I'm in need for hardware. Strix and I leave for now and I'll tell Amber we'll stay in touch. Strix and I walk off and are in need for some booze. "Hey! I've read of this great place 'Lizzies'! Wanna check it out lass?" And of cause, off we go to `Lizzies`.  
  
When at the bar, after bouncing a too happy stupid USSR henchman, telling him his stoopid "`настровья`" or whatever he was mumbling in his drunk face, we decided to call No1 and Sjaakie about our whereabouts while enjoying a good NC's whiskey, Strix gifted me. They've obviously finally "beat" two German `powerfrauen` and got their job done on the truck and are heading our way.  
  
## `Second job//Nightf-owl`
A little later, after some more good re-memories with Strix, we see No1 and Sjaakie attempting to enter `Lizzies`. Too bad they got struck with Dimitri, the bouncer, and his drunk-ass-face/farce to do a `настровья` and drinking to their health. When they finally finished the required green piss, the arseheads coming our way.  
  
When the "drunkheads" stumble into our place at the bar, we imidiately get a good glass of Whiskey. We ask who's it from, and the bartender point a way. When looking that way, there's this big brown man air-tipping his glass of Whiskey to ours.  
There's a bunch of people sitting around him who all stand up at once. One walks next to us and tell us to get to him. "What the fuck does this guy need from us?" We walk there and sit our sour arses in the couches.  
  
He directly starts off "I'm Guillaime Nekumbo" and makes fun of all our names, which he obviously knows. "Yaman! I know all!" After his comedy show he presents us the exact same job as we're already on, but for double the Eddies! I like this guy already! After a looooooooong chat including a forced part of threatening us with death and `VDBs` on our neck, we decided to let him know the outcome of his proposal tomorrow. He complies and tells us he's at that place every day at the same time. We head off after declining his "free" rooms...  
  
So night falls, even in NC, but we've got nowhere to sleep. Strix reminds me I've got the number of Amber. I call her and convince her we need a place to sleep. After setting standards to not touch anything and be gone by 7.30, she adds me to the safelist for the back door of the clinic, including my "entourage"--hehe, corpo bitch! We head to the clinic and after finding the back door we're in within a jiffy! No1 and Sjaakie head off to a room in a few, whilst Strix and I still stand in the corridor. "Hey, wanna relive the good old days?" I ask. "Well, fuck it! Tomorrow we might be dead anyways!" she answers. Treetu's gonna be lucky tonight! We head in a room together and `[...]`  
"Ah, fuck I've missed this!"  
```powershell
~> Disable-AutoLogs -force
Auto logs now disabled
```
"Ah, cmon Strix, this is gonna be preem footage for a nice BD! But if you really insist..."  
`[...]`  
```powershell
~> . Set-Alarm.ps1 -h 7 -m 30
Alarm set at 7.30AM
~> . Shutdown -h -t 00
Shutdown initiated
[SYSTEM unloading]
Good night Treetu
```  
`[...]`  
  